Add mappings and bulk to quickstart page (#2417)
elastic/elasticsearch-py: docs/sphinx/quickstart.rst

    client.indices.create(index="my_index")

Create a mapping for your index
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Optionally, you can first define the expected types of your features with a custom mapping.

.. code-block:: python

    mappings = {
        "properties": {
            "foo": {"type": "text"},
            "bar": {
                "type": "text",
                "fields": {
                    "keyword": {
                        "type": "keyword",
                        "ignore_above": 256,
                    }
                },
            },
        }
    }

>     client.indices.create(index="my_index", mappings = mappings)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    client.indices.create(index="my_index", mappings=mappings)
```

.. code-block:: python

>     client.indices.create(index="my_index", mappings = mappings)

Reviewer: This is a quickstart, I think there should be only one way to create an index, what do you think?

I would then remove "Creating an index" and rename "Create a mapping for your index" to "Create an index with mappings"

        },
    )

You can also index multiple documents at once with the bulk helper function:

.. code-block:: python

    from elasticsearch import helpers

    def generate_docs(documents, index_name):
        for i, document in enumerate(documents):
            yield dict(_index=index_name, _id=f"{i}", _source=document)
    
    helpers.bulk(client, generate_docs(books, index_name))

> These helpers are the recommended simple and streamlined way to abstract otherwise complicated and verbose functions such as `client.bulk`.

Reviewer: Unlike Markdown, you need two backticks in reStructuredText to format as code: single backticks only add emphasis. What do you think of this wording?

```suggestion
These helpers are the recommended way to perform bulk ingestion. While it is also possible to perform bulk ingestion using ``client.bulk`` directly, the helpers handle retries, ingesting chunk by chunk and more. See the :ref:`helpers` page for more details.
```

I've considered linking to the `client.bulk()` docs using `:meth:`~elasticsearch.Elasticsearch.bulk` but I did not find it clearer as it's only rendered as "bulk()" with a link to the docs.

        },
    )

You can also index multiple documents at once with the bulk API:

.. code-block:: python

    def generate_operations(documents, index_name):
      operations = []
      for i, document in enumerate(documents):
          operations.append({"index": {"_index": index_name, "_id": i}})
          operations.append(document)
      return operations

>     client.bulk(index=index_name, operations=generate_operations(books, index_name), refresh=True)

Reviewer: What are your thoughts on *not* documenting this? It does not scale to a large number of documents and is more verbose. The helper is the way to go. I think I would even mention that `client.bulk` should be avoided.

Author: Added these changes!
